# j013n3 - Project Portfolio Page

## Overview

**PulsePilot** is a desktop application designed for **efficiently tracking health-related information** through a **Command Line Interface (CLI)**. For users who can type quickly, the CLI allows for faster data entry compared to traditional Graphical User Interface (GUI) applications on phones or computers.

### Summary of Contributions

The code I have written is documented [here](https://nus-cs2113-ay2324s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=j013n3&breakdown=true&sort=groupTitle%20dsc&sortWithin=title&since=2024-02-23&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other)

#### Features Implemented

- Implemented Health and HealthList with the help of [@syj02](https://github.com/syj02).

- Implemented the Bmi class with the help of [@syj02](https://github.com/syj02).
  - Users can obtain their BMI value and the corresponding BMI category based on the height and weight inputted. 
  - Added validation to prevent users from adding BMI inputs of the same date. 

- Implemented the second stage of the Period class.
  - Users can use the predictive feature to predict their next period's start date.
  - Enhancement: Allow user to have the flexibility of input the start and end dates of their period flow either at once or at different times.
  - Added validation to prevent users from starting a new Period entry before completing the outstanding one. 
  - Added validation to restrict users from inputting period entries dated before the end date of the latest Period input in PulsePilot.

#### Contributions to the UG

- Wrote UG portion for adding new Bmi and new Period inputs.  

#### Contributions to the DG

- Crafted sequence diagrams for Bmi, Period, Appointment and Prediction. 
- Wrote the DG portion for add Bmi, add Period and make prediction.

#### Contributions beyond the project team

- Reported an above-average number of bugs in PE_D (11 bugs in total).
